did not define well and in the last situation
important in the match a shot of
auction I have diverted again by sack it
transformed into 3-2 just when
it seemed that the Brazilian team after
had tied, he was going to keep the
victory
good hook inwards of chivas
here and the goal is the sacco in the first and
in the last of the goals the presence
of two of the best players he has
had this game by hooking towards
in subtle touch behind
douglas that does not cover well, a
second afternoon
rogerio ceni and how quickly to solve
from the bag in addition to the
efficiency of your Brazilian child from
10 years ago Japanese soccer played
pass south of the race's sleep
Brazilian centrals and lucas silva only
have to look as he pulled out that has already
gained in speed in the short shot
it marked like this with this right touch
before him was also of rogerio ceni
edson silva was the one who stayed
observing in the second time we said
a marked recovery of paulo
Henrique Goose present in the two goals
of his team the first with authorship
whole after the hitch and that
space grants call
while backing up it reaches to touch the
ball the archer alone is but not to
deflect it
san pablo achieved the discount
after rogerio ceni the criminal
to the sack but it had to be repeated because
I had advanced at least three steps
look at you the Brazilian goalkeeper
again the execution and the auction that
I would go over the crossbar
and clever san pablo clever
knowing that he still had life in the
meeting I was going to search with Douglas
excellent goose in reading the
action to see your partner that
he came only by the middle taking advantage
perhaps one of the few shortcomings
defensive of the Japanese team aloizio already
totally free in the arch marked 2
to 2 it looked like it was going to be from San Pablo
however, look at what happens in the
final finishes if you go to that was
enabled although it seemed otherwise
a sack is diverted into the ball the
authority the goal belongs like that
then the Japanese cast stays by
second consecutive time with the cup
suruga bank without needing to go to the
criminal